README.md, before:

# markusvankempen.github.io

Personal developer site for **Markus van Kempen** — showcasing open-source extensions and tools for IBM Maximo API development.

**Live site:** [https://markusvankempen.github.io](https://markusvankempen.github.io)

## What's Here

A single-page site built with IBM Carbon Design System styling that highlights:

| Tool | Platform | Description |
|------|----------|-------------|
| **Maximo API Explorer** | VS Code | Browse, test, and generate code for Maximo REST APIs |
| **Maximo Cursor Explorer** | Cursor | AI-optimized API explorer with `.cursorrules` and context export |
| **Maximo MCP Server** | Claude / ChatGPT / Copilot | Model Context Protocol server for AI-assisted Maximo development |
| **Maximo VS Code Extension** | VS Code | Lightweight Maximo API connectivity |

## Project Source

All tools live in the main monorepo:  
[github.com/markusvankempen/maximo-mcp-ai-integration-options](https://github.com/markusvankempen/maximo-mcp-ai-integration-options)

## Tech Stack

- Pure HTML + CSS (no build tools)
- IBM Plex Sans font (Google Fonts)
- Carbon Design System color tokens & spacing
- Responsive (mobile-friendly)

## Deployment

Hosted via GitHub Pages. Push to `main` and the site updates automatically.

```bash
git add -A
git commit -m "Update site"
git push origin main
```

## License

Apache 2.0

Commit message:

Revise tool descriptions in README.md
Updated descriptions for Maximo tools and added Watson Orchestrate Builder.

README.md, after:

# markusvankempen.github.io

Personal developer site for **Markus van Kempen** — showcasing open-source extensions and tools for IBM Maximo API development.

**Live site:** [https://markusvankempen.github.io](https://markusvankempen.github.io)

## What's Here

A single-page site built with IBM Carbon Design System styling that highlights:

| Tool | Platform | Description |
|------|----------|-------------|
| **Maximo API Explorer** | VS Code | Discover, browse, and test IBM Maximo REST APIs directly from VS Code |
| **Maximo Cursor Explorer** | Cursor | AI-optimized API explorer with `.cursorrules` and context export |
| **Maximo MCP Server** | Claude / ChatGPT / Copilot | Model Context Protocol server for AI-assisted Maximo development |
| **Watson Orchestrate Builder** | VS Code | Visual tool builder and agent manager for Watson Orchestrate |
| **Maximo VS Code Extension** | VS Code | Lightweight Maximo API connectivity and testing |

## Project Source

All tools live in the main monorepo:  
[github.com/markusvankempen/maximo-mcp-ai-integration-options](https://github.com/markusvankempen/maximo-mcp-ai-integration-options)

## Tech Stack

- Pure HTML + CSS (no build tools)
- IBM Plex Sans font (Google Fonts)
- Carbon Design System color tokens & spacing
- Responsive (mobile-friendly)

## Deployment

Hosted via GitHub Pages. Push to `main` and the site updates automatically.

```bash
git add -A
git commit -m "Update site"
git push origin main
```

## License

Apache 2.0
